
14_SAS On Network Services
Self-Assessment Sheet

1. What is a Web Server?
	Web server is a software application that serves as the backbone of the world wide web.
2. What is a File Server?
A file server is a type of server that is dedicated to storing, managing and sharing files across a network.	
3. What is Print Server? 
Print Server Is software application that manages printing task on a network.
4. What is a (Domain Name System) DNS Server?
	DNS is human- readable domain names into machine readable IP address. 
5. What is a (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) DHCP Server?
	It is network management protocol used to automatically assign IP addresses and other network configuration setting to devices on a network.
6. What is a Mail Server?
	Mail servers is software applications that handle the sending receiving and routing of email messages over a network.
7. What is a Proxy Server?
Proxy server is an intermediary server that acts as a gateway between a client and the internet.
8. What is an Authentication Server?
An authentication server is verifies and authenticates the identity of users access device or network.	
9. What is SIEM (Security Information and Event Management)?
SIEM is to provide real time monitoring detection and response to potential security threats.	
10. What is Forensic Analysis?
	Computer forensic is the process of colleting preserving, analyzing, and interpreting digital evidence from computer system, storage devices ,network and other digital media. 
11. What is Syslog?
Syslog is a standardized protocol used for the collection and forwarding of log messages generated by various network devices.
12. What is IDS (Intrusion Detection System)?
IT is monitor network traffic or system activities.
13. What is IPS(Intrusion Prevention System)?
IPS is designed to proactively defend against cyber attacks by identifying and stopping malicious activities in Realtime 
14. What is All-in-one security appliance?

15. What is Endpoint Management Server?
Endpoint management server also known as a device management server.
16. What is a Legacy System?
This is old computer system, software application .
17. What is an Embedded System?
Embedded System is a specialized computer system designed to perform dedicated function or task within a larger device or product.

