23_SAS_Network Cables
Self-Assessment Sheet

Q1. What type of cable is commonly used for ethernet networks? 
Ans: twisted pair copper cable 

Q2. What does an ethernet cable look like inside? 
Ans: four pair cable 

Q3. What is the purpose of twisting the wires in a pair? 
Ans: keeps a signal wire constantly moving away from the interface.

Q4. What is the purpose of having two cables? 
Ans: two cable identify a deferent signals 

Q5. Why are the four pairs of wires different?
Ans. Each wire have a deferent signals 

Q6. What is twisted pair cabling?
Ans: twisted pair cabling is used for ethernet network to transmission data in a network .

Q7. : How many different types of twisted pair cabling are there? 
Ans: four twisted pairs inside the cable 

Q8. What do we refer to the different types of twisted pair cables as? 
Ans: they have deferent type of category of twisted cable like as cat5 cat6.

Q9. What is 1000BASE-T? 
Ans: cat5 

Q10. : What is the maximum distance of 1000BASE-T? 
Ans: 100 meters

Q11. What type of cable is used for 1000BASE-T? 
Ans: cat5 and cat5A

Q12. What is 10GBASE-T? 
Ans: cat6


Q13. What does the "E" stand for in Category 5e? 
Ans: enhanced 

Q14. What type of cabling is available to purchase today? 
Ans: cat5a 

Q15. What type of cabling is commonly used in existing network infrastructures? 
Ans: cat6A

Q16. What type of cabling does 1000BASE-T support? 
Ans: cat5

Q17. Is there an augmented version of category 6? 
Ans: cat6A

Q18. What type of cable is commonly used with cable modem networks? 
Ans: coaxial cable

Q19. What is the conductor of a coaxial cable? 
Ans: wire conductor cable 

Q20. What is the most commonly used type of coax cable? 
Ans: home internet or telephone line and video for used 

Q21. What is the construction of a coax cable? 
Ans: coaxial cable is use a center conductor to transmit electrical signals.

Q22. What is the plenum? 
Ans: worm air return to the share space that is plenum.

Q23. What is the purpose of the plenum?
Ans: bringing in distributing and removing air.

Q24. What type of cable should be used in a shared plenum area? 
Ans: PVC (Polyvinyl chloride )

Q25. What is the jacket of an ethernet cable typically made of? 
Ans: FEP(Fluorinated Ethylene Polymer) or low smoker (PVC)


Q26. What type of cable is usually used for cable runs? 
Ans: Twisted pair 

Q27. What is STP?
Ans: shielded twisted pair

Q28. What type of writing is found on the outside of an ethernet cable? 
Ans: STP and UTP

Q29. What do the abbreviations stand for? 
Ans: u-unshielded f-foil shielding  s-braided shielding.

Q30. What does S/FTP stand for? 
Ans: shielded foiled twisted pair 

Q31. What does F/UTP stand for? 
Ans: foil unshielded twisted pair 

Q32. What type of cable is used for direct burial? 
Ans: STP

Q33. What is used to waterproof the cables? 
Ans: SFTP

Q34. What purpose does the shielding serve? 
Ans: provide protection from elements .


