29_SAS_SCSI Device Cables 
Self-Assessment Sheet

Q1. What does SCSI stand for?
Ans small computer system interface 

Q2. What is a SCSI interface? 
Ans: small printer, small scanner , or other device

Q3. What was the purpose of creating the SCSI interface? 
Ans: connect other device to computer 

Q4. How many devices can be connected to one SCSI chain? 
Ans: 16

Q5. What is the newest SCSI standard? 
Ans: iscsi

Q6. What types of connectivity does SCSI support? 
Ans: parallel and serial option 

Q7. How many devices could a single SCSI interface support on a narrow bus? 
Ans: 8

Q8. What was used to connect our scanners and CD-ROM drives before SATA and USB? 
Ans: 68 pin cable data cable 

Q9. What is one of the benefits of SCSI and its protocols? 
Ans: high performance and low latency for data backup and recovery.

Q10. Are SCSI protocols still used today? 
Ans: no

Q11. What is the 68 pin connector commonly used for? 
Ans: storage drive 

Q12. What is the purpose of having a single interface on a computer? 
Ans: every scsi device on a single bus is assigned separate ID number.

Q13. What is the purpose of a SCSI ID? 
Ans: 3

Q14. How does SCSI allow for connectivity to a drive array? 
Ans:  separate drive in a storage array or virtual machine

Q15. What is the purpose of a SCSI terminator? 
Ans: the signal at the end of a physical scsi bus is a terminated .

Q16. What is a logical unit? 
Ans: logical unite are define a scsi id 

Q17. What is a newer SCSI standard? 
Ans: iscsi

Q18. Is there anything required to use a SAS device? 
Ans: no need anything jumpers, terminator , settings.

Q19. What can be seen on the back of an external SCSI storage device? 
Ans: power, fan, one is scsi out and one is scsi in , scsi button .

Q20. Are there any buttons to modify the SCSI ID? 
Ans: 6

Q21. What does a SCSI controller look like when you look inside a computer? 
Ans: multiple scsi ID 0 cable device 0 to device scsi id 1 daisy chaining to scsi device 2 after end of the scsi cable s terminated .

Q22. What does the SCSI terminator look like? 
Ans: scsi look like connector 

Q23. What replaced the need for cables with multiple interfaces and devices with multiple SCSI interfaces? 
Ans: one cable have multiple connector for multiple device.


