17_SAS ON DNS CONFIGURATION
Self-Assessment Sheet

1. What is DNS and how does it work?
Domain Name system. Converts human readable into IP address

2. What is the structure of the DNS hierarchy?
Consisting of distinct components 

3. How can you see the translation of a domain name to an IP address?
Run command line 

4. How many root server clusters are there in DNS?
13 root server clusters

5. What are generic top-level domains?
.com .org .net .edu 

6. What is SPF
Sender policy framework

7. How many servers are in a root server cluster?
13

8. What is the purpose of having three different IP addresses associated with a web server?

One ip is not longer available then server used other ip address .

9. How can you check the IP addresses associated with a website if the dig command is not available?
Used nslookup command 


10. What are resource records in DNS?
Information entry in DNS zone files 

11. Why is a DNS server considered a critical resource?


Make sure to check your setting and backup and test.
12. How is a DNS server's configuration typically stored?
Store in webpage.

13. What is an A record and a AAAA record in DNS?
A is ipv4 Address record and AAAA is A ipv6 
14. Is it possible to configure DNS using a web-based front end?
yes
15. How is the time to live in DNS server specified?
15 minutes after refresh 

16. What does it mean if a device requests the IP address for a particular record?
It is essentially asking for the numeric ip address associated with a specific domain name.
17. How is the same information presented in a web-based front end compared to a text file?
In a web-Based frontend the information can be displayed in a graphical interface .
18. What is the purpose of the time to live in a DNS server?
If a site is to move to a new server
19. How long is the time to live for a DNS server typically set for?
12 or 24 hrs 
20. What happens when the time to live for a DNS server is up?
It means that the cached information about that record becomes outdated and should no longer be considered valid .when this happens.
21. What is an MX (Mail Exhange) record in DNS?
Directs email to a mail server
22. What other record is needed in order for an MX record to work?
Text 
23. What is the purpose of a TXT (Text) record in DNS?
Verification purpose 
24. How can the authenticity of an email be verified using a DNS text record?
External email server validate information from your DNS.
25. How can you view the text records for a specific domain?
Dig professormesser.com txt
NSlookup 
26. What are some examples of uses for text records in a DNS server?
Nslookup -type=txt google.com
27. How can you view text records for a domain if dig is not available?
Nslookup -type=txt  google.com
28. What is an SPF record in DNS?
Sender policy framework

29. How does an SPF record help to prevent others from spoofing a domain?
Mail server perform mail  check to see if incoming mail did come from an authorized host.

30. What is a DKIM record in DNS?
Domain keys identified mail
31. How is the public key for a DKIM record stored in DNS?
Placed by the domain owner in the DNS zone files in the form of a special TXT record 
32. How do you configure a DKIM record in a web-based front end?

Larg text public key to send it to domain.

33. What is DMARC in DNS?
Domain based message authentication reporting and conformance 
34. What can you specify in a DMARC record in DNS?
Dns record you can specify various parameters to control email authentication and reporting 
35. How does DMARC work with SPF and DKIM?
DMARC protocol depends on both SPF and DKIM to authenticate emails
36. What can you do with the report generated by a DMARC record?
DMARC record provide valuable insights into the authentication status of your sent emails. 

37. How does a mail server use a DMARC record?
	Determine what to do with a failed message
38. How do you add a DMARC record in DNS?
we are using text ,host name , content where to send mail to distribute.
	
39. What does the DNS server have
Matching website hostnames to their corresponding IP address

