18_SAS ON DHCP Configuration
Self-Assessment Sheet
* What is an IP Scope?
*  How do you exclude certain IP addresses?
* What is a Scope of a subnet?
* What is address leases within a scope?
*  What are reservations within a scope?
*  What are Scope options?
*  What is a dynamic assignment?
*  What happens after the lease period has timed out?
* What is address reservation?
* What is a DHCP lease?	
* What is automatic assignment?
* What is the amount of time on a lease?
* What is the T1 timer?
* What is the T2 timer?
    Timer that rebinds with any DHCP server at 87.5% of the lease time when the original DHCP server is down



Q1. What are DHCP scope properties?
A. A DHCP scope is a valid range of IP addresses that are available for assignment or lease to
client computers on a particular subnet. In a DHCP server, a scope is configured to determine
the address pool of IPs that the server can provide to DHCP clients. Scopes determine which IP
addresses are provided to the clients.
Q2. What are DHCP pools?
A. Address pool is a set of Internet Protocol addresses available for allocation to users, such as
in host configurations with the DHCP. An address-assignment pool can support either IPv4
address or IPv6 addresses. You cannot use the same pool for both types of address.
Q3. What is DHCP address assignment?
A. The assignment of IP addresses happens dynamically within a given address range. As a
result, a device connected to the network doesn't have a forever address. The IP address can
periodically change as its lease time expires unless the lease is successfully renewed.
Q4. What is DHCP address allocation?
A. DHCP assigns an IP address from a pool of addresses for a limited period of time chosen by
the server, or until the client tells the DHCP server that it no longer needs the address.
Q5. What is dhcp address reservation?
A. When you use DHCP IP reservation, you're telling your Wi-Fi network to assign the same IP
address to a specific device whenever that device connects to your network.
Q6. What is dhcp address lease time?
A. When DHCP sends configuration information to a client, the information is sent with a lease
time. This is the length of time that the client can use the IP address it has been assigned. The
duration of the lease time can be changed according to your specific requirement.

Q7. What is DHCP address renewal time?
A. Generally, the recommended time to lease an IP address is 48 hours to renew the IP address
once a day. After applying the specified parameters, clients will receive an IP address for 1
minute, after which they will send a request to the DHCP server for a new IP address every 30
seconds.
