20_SAS ON Internet Connection Types

1. What is satellite networking?
Communication to the satellite 
2. How does the cost of satellite connectivity compare to other forms of internet connectivity?
Satellite is More expensive then industrial networking.


3. What are typical speeds for satellite internet?
50 Mbit/s
4. What are some common uses for satellite internet?
50 Mbit/s down 3 Mbit/sup or common

5. What is latency when communicating with satellites in space?
250 ms up 250 ms down 

6. How does satellite internet compare to terrestrial internet when it comes to latency?
Wisp is used for ground level internet services 
7. What is a newer type of satellite network?

Starlink is new satellite network.

8. What is the latency time advertised by Starlink?

40 ms and is working 20ms 

9. What frequency range do satellite connections operate in?
2 GHz 
10. What is the cause of rain fade when using a satellite connection?
Line of sight rain fade.
11. What is the advantage of fiber optic links for internet connections?
Very large amount of data send very short period of time.
12. Why is fiber optics more expensive than other internet connections?
Copper cable 
13. How is fiber optics used in enterprise networks?
Transmit data and to access to networks and internet
14. How does running fiber optics to a home or business improve bandwidth?
Cable Broadband 
15. What is the method of communication used by cable broadband?
DOCSIS (data over cable service interface specification)
16. How does cable broadband transmit video, voice, and data?
High speed networking 
17. Who might provide cable broadband service?
ISP provide cable for service
18. What is the standard for sending data over cable networks?
DOCSIS
19. What are the typical speeds of DOCSIS networks?
50mbits through 1000 plus mbits
20. Do you need to bring additional cables or services into your home for DOCSIS?
No 
21. What is the technology that uses existing copper in a home?
DSL
22. What is the difference between the speed of download and upload on DSL?
Download speed is faster than the upload speed 
23. What are the typical speeds of DSL networks?
200 Mbits/s Downstream and 20 Mbits for upstream.

24. What is the limitation of DSL in terms of distance?
10,000

25. What type of networks are commonly used for internet connectivity when away from home or office?
Cellular network

26. How is internet connectivity provided through cellular networks?

 Antenna coverage a cell with certain frequency 
27. What is tethering?

connect with USB or wireless router for share internet.
28. What is a hotspot?
Share the internet to the other device

29. What is a WISP?
Wireless internet services provider 


30. In what areas are WISPs commonly found?
       Rural or remote location for internet access for everyone 


31. What are the typical speeds of wireless networks provided by WISPs?

         5G  home internet speed. And 10 to 1000 megabits ps outside  of antenna 

Section B

Q1. What Is Satellite Internet?
A. 
Q2. What is fiber optic internet?
A. 
Q3. What is broadband internet?
A. 
Q4. What is DSL?
A.
Q5. What is a cellular network?
A. 
Q6. What is wisp internet?
A. 

