21_SAS ON NETWORK TYPES

1. What is a LAN?
LAN is a Local Area network which connect client to server in home or office.

2. What are the typical network connections for a LAN?
Typical connection is used in office or home.

3.  \What is a WAN?
Wide Area Network
4. Why are the speeds slower on a WAN compared to LAN?
Ethernet is more faster then 802.1wireless network

5. What are some examples of technologies used in a WAN?
Point to point serial and MPLS

6. How are WANs connected?
Fiber cable connected to the ground or non-terrestrial or satellite 

7. What is a PAN?
Personal Area Network

8. What are some examples of technologies used in a PAN?
Bluetooth , Ear pot , IR , NFC

9. What is one of the most common ways to connect a personal area network?
Mobile phone , wireless headset

10. What type of telemetry can be acquired using a personal area network?
Health

11. What is a Metropolitan Area Network (MAN)?
MAN is Meddle area network smaller then WAN network

12. How does the distance of a MAN compare to that of a LAN and WAN?
In city used MAN networks 

13. What is the most common topology for connecting sites in a MAN today?
Metro Ethernet 

14. What type of organizations tend to use Metropolitan Area Networks?
Government ownership

15. What is a Storage Area Network (SAN)?
San is storage, block level access , very efficient reading and writing .

16. How is data accessed on a SAN?
SAN data is accessed through specialized hardware and protocol 

17. What is the typical bandwidth requirement for a SAN?
18. May use isolated network and high speed network technology


19. Are SANs isolated on their own networks?
May use isolated 

20. What is a Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN)?
WLAN is used inside the building for client access internet without ethernet 

21. What is the range of a WLAN?
Downtown or large campus 

22. How can the size of a WLAN be extended?
Expend coverage with additional access point 


23. How do WLANs differ from other wireless networks?
WLAN is used in building ,or office , WIDE AREA NETWORK is used in cell phone like city to city 

Section -B  Q&A Network Types

Q1. What is a LAN?

A.

Q2. What is a WAN network?

A. 

Q3. What is a PAN network?
A. 

Q4. What is MAN network?
A. 

Q5. What is a SAN network?
A. 

Q6. What is WLAN network?
A. 


