DV500_5_SAS Mobile Device Accessories
Self-Assessment Sheet

1. If you are someone who takes your laptop back and forth between work and home, what's a good solution for you to minimize all the plugging and unplugging of cables used for devices such as printers, keyboards etc.?
Ans  Docking Station 

2. What does TRRS stand for? 
Ans Tip Ring Ring Sleeve

3. What is one of the challenges our mobile phones and tablets have with speakers that are built in?
Ans Small Speaker 

4. What are the functions of a stylus?
Ans communicate direct to the device 

5. Can you disable the mouse track pad on your laptop while using an external mouse?
Ans Yes

6. If you need to perform very precise functions or be able to do something very specific on the screen, you may want to try using?
Ans TouchScreen pen 

7. If you're an artist or someone who wants to perform more precise work on a tablet, you may want to try using an?
Ans

8. A digital stylus provides you with more functionality and more precise usability than something like a capacitive touch pen. True or False?
Ans True

9. The stylus is not able to communicate independently with the device that's being used if those two devices are not touching each other. True or False?
Ans True 
 
10.  If you're using an Apple iPad, you would need to use what type of pen?
Ans Digital Stylus 

11.  Using an active stylus you can see as the user is writing on the screen and they apply a little more pressure, then you can see that the difference in the line width changes. True or False?
Ans True

12.  What if you're using a computer that doesn't have any type of capacitive display or any type of active touchscreen that you can interact with?
Ans External Digitizer 

13.  Do laptops include an external mouse?
Ans no

14.  Can you add an external keyboard and mouse on a Mac?
Ans yes

15. Can you customize exactly the way the trackpad works on your system?
      Ans yes
16.  What does TRRS do?
Ans Analog audio jack 

17. If you're an Apple user, you may not have the option of a USB or a 3- and 1/2-millimeter audio connection. True or False?
Ans True 

18.  What port does apple have?
Ans Lighting port

19.  What's one alternative method an apple user can connect to headphones without the 3.5 mm jack?
Ans lighting port head phone or Bluetooth device 

20.  If you like a simpler form of connecting and disconnecting your laptop, you may want to use something like?
      Ans
