39_SAS_On Motherboard Compatibility 
Self-Assessment Sheet

Q1. What is the first decision you need to make while building a computer? 
Ans: intel and AMD 

Q2. What factors should you consider when choosing a motherboard and CPU? 
Ans: 2solid  CPU 

Q3. Is it possible to switch between an Intel CPU and an AMD CPU? 
Ans: yes

Q4. What are the differences between AMD and Intel CPUs? 
Ans: AMD is less expensive and CPU has different socket 

Q5. What should be checked when selecting a CPU? 
Ans: motherboard

Q6. How do you install a CPU? 
Ans: open the  lock and place down the chip

Q7. Is there a different installation process for server CPUs? 
Ans: yes uses multi socket 

Q8. How many slots are available on a server motherboard? 
Ans: 4 

Q9. What type of device are server motherboards typically found in? 
Ans: ATX

Q10. What is typically installed in a rack-mounted device? 
Ans: larger ATX size 

Q11. What features are present in the older server motherboard? 
Ans: 2 CPU extension slot and 4 slot for memory 

Q12. What features are present in the newer motherboard? 
Ans: its is similer to the older server its has 6 slot for memory


Q13. What type of computer system do people generally have? 
Ans: desktop motherboard 

Q14. How many memory slots are usually available for additional RAM? 
Ans: 2 or 4 

Q15. Are there usually expansion slots available? 
Ans: yes 

Q16. What type of motherboard might be used for a very small form factor desktop system? 
Ans: mini ITX

Q17. What features are important in a laptop motherboard? 
Ans: small and light 

Q18. What is the focus of laptop CPUs? 
Ans: limited in speed 

Q19. What can one do with a desktop system that cannot be done with a laptop? 
Ans: limited system modification memory and CPU and functionality

Q20. How does laptop motherboard replacement differ from desktop motherboard replacement? 
Ans: desktop motherboard is bigger then laptop 

Q21. What do you have to do if you need to replace the motherboard in your Laptop? 
Ans: motherboard needs to  fit in the laptop case 

Q22. Since your interfaces, your CPU, your memory, and other features are part of that system board, if any part of that happens to stop working, you've got to replace the entire motherboard. (True/False)
Ans. false



